---
layout: post
title:  Street Photography - Mediterranean Cruise
date:   2024-02-25
description: photos
tags: street-photography
---
<p>Welcome to the 1st entry of the street photography album. The photos here are from a Cruise I was onboard in 2023, through out Italy, Greece and Turkey. All of them are shot on my Galaxy S23 Ultra as I yet to purchase my beloved Fujifilm xt-30</p>
<p><a href="https://avr1h.com/street-photography/">Click here to learn more about the topic.</a> <a href="https://avr1h.com/blog/tag/street-photography/">Click here to explore more photos.</a></p>
<p>Before we begin, I'd like to initiate a gimmick that will follow us through each street photography blog, which is:</p>

# The Legend
Based on chess notation, with some caveats, this will help me share my opinion and line of thinking behind some photos. Remember, these are entirely my opinion and you're free to disagree. I'll even be glad to hear all about it, so don't be shy to reach out for a healthy debate. Or any reason really.
The legend goes as follows:
<b>!!</b> - A genius photo.
<b>!</b> - A good photo.
<b>!?</b> - An interesting photo that is thought-provoking.
<b>?</b> - A lacking photo that leaves something to be desired.
<b>??</b> - A bad picture. Not sure why I'd post one, but better sure than sorry.

<p>Without further ado, here are some photos:</p>

<p class="text-center"><b>Remember: you can click on the images to zoom in!</b></p>

<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 65%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/highlight/baba.jpg" class="img-fluid z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    I would like to start off with what possibly is my best set of pictures, and tell the story behind it. If you know me, I must have told you this story a billion times, not that you would remember, as no one ever listens to me. (no respect...)
    I call this collection "The Baba of the Vatican." An epic name, I know. But in my defense, these are some epic pictures. The story goes as follows: a woman who I could only assume is the gypsy mother of Mussolini himself, causes a ruckus right next to St. Peter's Basilica. The three stooges acting as policemen (or rather Italian Carabinieri), stand there as she yells and shout, hand on her hip and finger in the air—signs of a maxed out charisma stat.
    in the midst of the chaos, I recognize the potential of the scene, and whip out my phone. Perhaps all too clumsily, as I've now attracted the attention of, well, everyone. Disturbing the subject—rookie mistake. Make no mistake, the officers stepping forward aren't approaching the Baba, they're approaching me. Before I managed seek diplomatic asylum at the nearest embassy, I was apprehended. They asked me to delete the photos. I did. "No no, go to deleted album." I don't know what you're talking about. "Go to recently deleted." I just did. "Let me." Here you go. He played with the phone a bit, and although the abhorrent disregard for my human right for privacy, he didn't manage to find the recently deleted folder and gave up. This is a monumental win for Samsung bros over Apple users. To think if Samsung have made the gallery interface just tad bit more user friendly, these would be gone. Anyway they ran my passport check and told me to fuck off. I was scolded by my family, but they wouldn't get it...
</div>