---
layout: blog
title: The Prntscr Museum - Vol 1. (Introduction)
description: The fossil ground of the internet.
permalink: /prntscr1/
date:   2024-02-15
tags:
  - digital-archeology
  - prntscr
---

>**NOTE:** This page is about lightshot/prntscr as a method of digital archeology excavation. For GeoCities excavation, please visit <a href="https://avr1h.com/blog/2024/GeoCities/">the first blog post</a> on the matter. 
<p>Did you know that every screenshot you take and upload using <a href="https://app.prntscr.com/en/index.html">lightshot</a> is kept on their unprotected, completely accessible database?</p>
<p><a href="https://www.wired.co.uk/article/lightshot-chrome-screenshot-app">"A breach of privacy!"</a> you might cry out. But honestly, what where you expecting from a service that has "index.html" as its homepage url extension?</p>
<p>Roasts aside, although valid, we can take advantage of this exploit to take a somewhat immoral peek into the daily lives of normal, every-day human beings. Just like you and I, I assume. A sort of digital street photography, if you will. Some of these images date as old as over a decade.</p>
<p>The way it works is simple — every uploaded screenshot lies behind a url that starts with: "https://prnt.sc/" and adjoined by a combination of letters and numbers about 5-12 digits long.</p>
<p>For example, if we take the <b>avrihh</b>, which is a common mis-latinization of my name, and try to find a screenshot under the same url extension, or simply "id", we will get this:</p>

<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/lightshot/avrihh.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Notice the exotic file extensions. A quick search will show that most of these relate to programming, with the .BCS and the .OSAV files having to do with video game map design. Using the system's language and the timestamp of which the files were last updated, we can deduce that we are dealing with a Russian-speaking programmer, most likely working on video game modding, circa 2016.
</div>
<p>So much extracted from a random image under a random id... In combination with <a href="https://github.com/luizmlo/py-lightshot-dowloader">lightshot-downloader</a> by luizmlo, we can kick our morally dubious expedition to the maximum! <b>Ladies and Gentlemen, I invite you to join me on a tour in my museum of digital archeology, where I showcase my most intriging finds and discoveries!</b></p>
<br>
<p class="text-center"><b>Remember: you can click on the images to zoom in!</b></p>
<br>
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/lightshot/av2008.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">"The Romanian Orthodox Church spends 20 million euros on the poor - others swear on the Internet." (id: av2008)</div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/lightshot/av2006.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">Miss "Abril" by DreamAgencie. (id: av2006)</div>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/lightshot/av2055.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">A 1995 Mustang GT in "Fair" Condition. (id: av2055)</div>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/lightshot/retard.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">From Protuguese: "This is the model of our machine." Please take note of the interesting ID. (id: retard)</div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/lightshot/valik.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">A tribute to one of the people who helped pioneer the Digital Archeology movement. (id: Valik)</div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/lightshot/lover.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">An interesting case of a "matching ID". (id: lover)</div>
    </div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/lightshot/av2014.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">The fastest internet in France. (id: av2014)</div>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/lightshot/av2022.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">A heated argument in HearthStone. (id: av2022)</div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/lightshot/av2031.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">The "Binding of Isaac" map seed. (id: av2031)</div>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/lightshot/av2039.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">"ARE they down? You tell me!" — The Curious Error Message. (id: av2039)</div>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/lightshot/av2004.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">What at first may seem like a naughty ad, is actually a Danish buzzfeed-esque online quiz! Translated from Danish: "Oliver is legendary!
        Oliver can (make) love for... 1h45. How surprising! We now know a little more about how you love and the time you spend on them. Your time is pretty good, better than average. But regardless of whether it is short or long, the most important thing is that you have fun and that the other person in the bed also has fun. And we are sure of that. Impress your friends by sharing the results and comparing yourself to them!" (id: av2004)</div>
    </div>
</div>
<br>
<p>Keep following my curated museum over at the periodical <a href="https://avr1h.com/blog/tag/digital-archeology">blog posts</a>!</p>
