---
layout: post
title: The Story of Babynha2000
date: '2024-03-01'
description: The Brazillian girl who pre-invented Instagram.
background_image: assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/prbabynha4.jpg
text_color: 'yellow'
tags:
  - digital-archeology
  - GeoCities
---

On the eve of February 29, 2024, a friend and I stumbled upon a relic of the past of monumental proportions. An archaeological finding of never-before-seen quality, volume, and sheer authenticity.

Before you are images that have lain dormant for decades, now seen once more. Enter:

## Babynha2000: The Girl Who Pre-Invented Instagram.

<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 30%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/GIFS/brazilflag.gif" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 40%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/March10ch4 - BabynhaMain.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">"Babynha2000" - Self Portrait</div>
    </div>
</div>

A total of 158 PNGs, JPGs, and GIFs were scraped from the archives. (Yes, plural.) Thanks to a myriad of broken links and corrupted files lost to the corrosion of time, I estimate we lost about as much as we found. Although I have personally encountered GeoCities archives featuring pictures of the creator and their friends, archives I'd love to delve into in future posts, I've never found anything close to this order of magnitude. This type of narcissistic self-absorption is often associated with social media, yet predates it by over a decade. In this blog post, I will do my best to examine Babynha2000's behavior and highlight some of the photos I consider to have higher aesthetic value, in hopes of preserving them.


<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 35%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/GIFS/bigeyes.gif" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div style="text-align: center;">In the words of Babynha2000 herself: <strong>"Clique em qualquer foto abaixo para vê-la em seu tamanho original."</strong> (Click on any photo below to see it in its original size.)</div>

<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 35%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/Minhas Fotos/jan25.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
        <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 35%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/Minhas Fotos/natal99.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 50%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/GIFS/viciada.gif" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

Besides pictures, Babynha2000 frequented the usage of GIFs commonly associated with the early 2000s. I decided to include those as well as her custom background for added immersion.

<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 50%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/GIFS/cat2.gif" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

The website's main page consists of trivia about our heroine, where she tells us a little about herself. And by a little, I mean, well, she doesn't leave much to the imagination. She starts by telling us she's originally from the Brazilian city of Curitiba but resides in Boston, Massachusetts, at that time. She also tells us she's married to Marcos and has two children, whose pictures I will not be posting here. (Even I have my limits.)

<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 50%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/GIFS/santinha.gif" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

Her hobbies include going out, dancing, drinking (just a little), skating, going to the gym, and shopping. "...ah...you know what women like...lol" - according to Babynha2000.

<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 50%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/GIFS/discogirl.gif" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
        <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 50%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/GIFS/heartboy.gif" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

She also states that she uses the internet mainly for chatting with others, but also for viewing photos and meeting new friends, whom she held in the highest regard, as we can understand from the following quote of hers:

"A true virtual friend is better than a friend who doesn't know the true meaning of the word friendship." - Babynha2000

<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 50%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/GIFS/pingagirl.gif" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

Babynha then proceeds to voice a quick "observation" (observaçãozinha) she has noticed: "Many people (usually men, lol) start by saying hi, we chat, we exchange photos, so far so good, but then they ask if I'm married, I say yes, they say: got to go, bye! Just a message for these people: I'm married, okay? And if this bothers you, leave me alone, because I just want friendship, NOTHING ELSE!!!!"

I guess some things never change. I want to take a quick moment to shout out all the female netizens of the world wide web out there, friend-zoning men since the late '90s.

<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 50%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/GIFS/mostralingua.gif" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 45%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/Minhas Fotos/babynha3.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">Please direct your attention towards the custom "Babynha2000" merchandise tube top.</div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 35%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/Minhas Fotos/babynha5.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 40%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/Minhas Fotos/april221.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
        <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 30%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/Minhas Fotos/april232.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">Pay attention to the framed picture of non other but herself on the wall. Can't make this s$#% up.</div>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 50%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/GIFS/soldado.gif" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
## Fotos de Amigos / Photos of Friends

Babynha2000 also devoted a significant portion of her website to commemorating her friends and relatives, with multiple pages dedicated to each group. A large chunk of this content is now completely offline.

<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 50%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/deadFriends.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">One of the pages Babynha2000 dedicated to her friends—Out of the 32 images, only 2 were salvageable. Take note of the nightmare fuel that is the GIF and background in the image above.</div>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 50%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/Fotos me Amigos/Albert10.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">Albert (albert10)</div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 35%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/Fotos me Amigos/andrinho19.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">Andrinho (andrinho19)</div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 50%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/Fotos me Amigos/dinho - Danilo.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">Danilo (dinho)</div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 50%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/Fotos me Amigos/djfabios.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">DJ Fabios (djfabios)</div>
    </div>
</div>

<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 50%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/Fotos me Amigos/togratis - Doug Matusquela.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">Doug Matusquela (tongratis)</div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 35%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/Fotos me Amigos/tcheguri82 - Renatinho.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">Renatinho (tcheguri82)</div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 35%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/Fotos me Amigos/rod1 - Rodrigo.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">Rodrigo (rod1)</div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 35%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/Fotos me Amigos/starion2 - Richard.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">Richard (starion2)</div>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 35%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/Fotos me Amigos/moyses2.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">Moyses (moyses2)</div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 55%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/Fotos me Amigos/manu.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">Manu (manu)</div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 35%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/Fotos me Amigos/jizar.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">Jizar (jizar) - Absolutely dripped tf out.</div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 35%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/Fotos me Amigos/guiguinho2.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">Guiguinho (guiguinho2)</div>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 50%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/GIFS/val047.gif" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 100%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/Fotos me Amigos/kekezinha - Kekezynha.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">Kekezynha (kekezinha)—perhaps the most aesthetically pleasing of her friends' photos. The bleak sky, not too dissimilar from the moon landing pictures, the white limo, the guys' expressions in the limo, the stunning Kekezinha herself. My friend had told me he sees nothing special about this photo—I told him he is wrong.</div>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 50%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/GIFS/levantasaia.gif" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

A curious entry: Mr. Manhosodanet before and after the passing of 20 years:
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 45%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/Fotos me Amigos/manhosodanet.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">"manhosodanet"</div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 35%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/GeoCities/Babyhna/Fotos me Amigos/manhosodanet20yslater.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">"manhosodanet20yslater" - The picture is originally sideways, kept like that for the sake of authenticity. Also funny asf.</div>
    </div>
</div>