---
layout: post
title:  Street Photography - Mediterranean Cruise
date:   2024-08-14
description: photos
tags: street-photography
---
<p>Welcome to the 1st entry of the street photography album. The photos here are from a Cruise I was onboard in 2023, through out Italy, Greece and Turkey. All of them are shot on my Galaxy S23 Ultra as I yet to purchase my beloved Fujifilm XT-30.</p>
<p><a href="https://avr1h.com/street-photography/">Click here to learn more about the topic.</a> <a href="https://avr1h.com/blog/tag/street-photography/">Click here to explore more photos.</a></p>
<p>Before we begin, I'd like to initiate a gimmick that will follow us through each street photography blog, which is:</p>

### The Legend
Based on chess notation, with some caveats, this will help me share my opinion and line of thinking behind some photos. Remember, these are entirely my opinion.
<br>
The legend goes as follows: <br>
<b>!!</b> - A genius photo. <br>
<b>!</b> - A good photo. <br>
<b>!?</b> - An interesting photo that is thought-provoking.<br>
<b>?</b> - A lacking photo that leaves something to be desired.<br>
<b>??</b> - A bad picture.<br>
No notation usually means I find the picture to be average or OK at best. A fate arguabely worse than being a "bad picture." <br>

<p>Without further ado, here are the photos:</p>

<p class="text-center"><b>Remember: you can click on the images to zoom in!</b></p>
<br>
### Italy - Rome
Before the cruise, we spent about a week in Rome, where I fell madly in love with the city. <br>
Here are some of the note worthy photos:
<br>
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 45%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/MediCruise/TheBumblingDrunk.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">The Bumbling Drunkard (??)<br>While visiting a souvenir shop, I heard a loud singing voice. I went outside and saw a man barely walking straight, singing his heart out. I snapped a photo, to his shock—he stopped for a moment and then burst into laughter.<br>The first photo I took: subject not in focus, poor exposure. And yet, this experience is what started it all.</div>        
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 45%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/highlight/cops.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">Cops (?)<br>Another poor photo, as it came out blurry. Yet the composition is interesting, which motivated me to keep going.</div>        
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 45%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/MediCruise/Il Gatto.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">Il Gatto</div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 45%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/highlight/Salamanca.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">Salamanca Cousins (Gender Swapped) (!)</div>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 45%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/highlight/africans.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">Barefoot Ambassadors (!!)</div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 45%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/highlight/late60s.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">Late 60's Babe (?)</div>        
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 45%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/highlight/inmotion.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">In Motion (?)</div>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 75%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/MediCruise/TheInterview.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">The Interview</div>        
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 35%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/highlight/RomCom.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">RomCom Cops (!)</div>        
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 42%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/highlight/cougar.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">The Couger (!)</div>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 45%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/MediCruise/Siesta.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">Siesta (?)</div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 45%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/MediCruise/Masterbaitor.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">The Great Masturbator (!)</div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 45%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/MediCruise/grandpa.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">The Grandpa</div>        
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 45%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/highlight/badnews.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">Bad News (!!)</div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 45%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/MediCruise/CityBusDonna.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">La Donna (!)</div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 45%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/MediCruise/Masterbaitor.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">The Great Masturbator (!)</div>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 70%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/highlight/girl.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">Her (!)</div>        
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 45%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/MediCruise/mother.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">Mother's Worry</div>        
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 45%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/MediCruise/Colosseum.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">The Colosseum</div>
    </div>
        <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 45%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/MediCruise/DancingMan.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">The Dancing Man (!)</div>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 70%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/MediCruise/RoadBlock.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">The Road Block</div>        
    </div>
</div>

<br>

### Baba of The Vatican / The Mother of Moussolini Collection
An epic name(s), I know. But in my defense, these might just be the peak of my career, at least for now. If you know me, I must have told you this story a billion times, not that you would remember, as no one ever listens to me. (I get no respect...) <br>
The story goes as follows: a woman who I could only assume is the mother of Mussolini himself, causes a ruckus right next to St. Peter's Basilica. The three stooges acting as policemen (or rather Italian Carabinieri), stand there as she yells and shouts, hand on her hip and finger in the air—the signs of a maxed out charisma stat. <br>
In the midst of the chaos, I recognize the potential of the scene, and whip out my phone. Perhaps all too clumsily, as I've now attracted the attention of, well, everyone. Disturbing the subject—a rookie mistake. Make no mistake, the officers stepping forward aren't approaching The Baba, they're approaching me. Before I managed seek diplomatic asylum at the nearest embassy, I was apprehended. <br> "Delete the photos." <br> I did.<br> "No no, go to deleted album."<br> I don't know what you're talking about.<br> "Go to recently deleted." <br> I just did. <br> "Let me." <br> Here you go. <br> He played with the phone a bit, and despite the abhorrent disregard for my human right to privacy, he did not manage to find the recently deleted folder and gave up. This is a monumental win for Samsungbros over Apple users. To think, if Samsung had made the gallery interface just a tad bit more user-friendly, these photos would be gone. Anyway, they ran my passport check and told me to eff off. I was scolded by my family, which is fine, as they would never get it...<br>

<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 50%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/MediCruise/Baba1.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">The Roar 1 (!!)</div>        
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 50%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/MediCruise/Baba3.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">The Roar 2 (!!)</div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 50%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/MediCruise/Baba2.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">The Roar 3 (!!)</div>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 45%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/MediCruise/BabaStare.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">The Stare (!!)</div>        
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 45%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/MediCruise/BabaStrut.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">The Strut (!!)</div>
    </div>
</div>

### The Altercation
The line for the ticket booth at The Colosseum quite literally spans around it. Wisely, we chose to arrive early to secure a good spot in the queue. While waiting, the city was kind enough to organize a spectacle for our entertainment. I didn't quite catch what they were arguing about, only that the lady approached the cop and yelled "Cazzo!" among a flurry of other swear words. What unfolded before us was a sight to behold.

<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 57%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/MediCruise/Argument.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">Disagreement (!!)</div>        
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 50%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/MediCruise/OnDuty.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">On Duty</div>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 50%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/MediCruise/Scolding.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">The Scolding (!!)</div>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-3 text-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0" style="max-width: 50%; margin: auto;">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/MediCruise/TriumphCigar.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        <div class="caption">A Victory Cigar Under The Triumphal Arch. (!)</div>        
    </div>
</div>

<br>

### Napoli, Mikonos, Rhodus, Athenes, and Kuşadasi